Oil and Gas
Carry out pipeline inspections with drones to retain the safety of
workers and the accuracy of data!
Empowering Gas & Oil Inspection with latest Drone Technology
Embodying integrity, the oil and gas industry is a sector that actively involves the extraction of oil from mines and wells, both on land and offshore, utilizing natural resources to their fullest potential. The culture within the oil and gas industry revolves around extensive inspection, thorough investigation, and in-depth research, underscoring the importance of focused surveys, inquiries, and exploration. The onset and introduction of several modern and contemporary techniques have contributed to the industry’s advancement as a whole. Among various innovations, the incorporation of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) and drones has propelled the oil and gas industry to new heights. Fundamentally rooted in aerial photography and thermography, drones pave the way for improved image quality, reduced downtime, precise measurements, and angled shots, among other advantages.


10x
Faster Data Acquisition
With our skillful drone pilots, we obtain aerial data 10x quicker than other industry competitors.


10x
Team
Our team consists of highly qualified GIS Engineers, Drone Pilots, and Software Engineers who present their invaluable services to our clients.


10x
Faster Data Acquisition
With our skillful drone pilots, we obtain aerial data 10x quicker than other industry competitors.
Chimney/ Smoke Stack
As a means of convenient application of resources, drones in the spheres of chimney and smoke stacks, vitally reduces human risks. More so, features of good lighting, thermal cameras and sensors, data review services, accurate measurements testify drones to be a valuable inspection tool. Ease of access to inaccessible areas of survey and decremental costs for inspection also justify the same.


Storage Tanks
Internal inspection of storage tanks may be improvised with the help of drones that bear qualities of detailed and automatic image recognition, appropriate data for analysis and review and more. Effectively, reduced human risks at the hand of drones have saved huge amounts of money, all the while expressing efficient performance with decreased downtime.


Offshore Rigs
Oil rigs and mines located offshore may attest to be a tedious and visibly hazardous operation as a consequence of the high risks and dangers of oil tanks and infrastructure. Besides, oil leaks, operational delays, equipment damage are few of various factors that go on to show the complications associated with offshore oil rig inspections. Profound and exhaustive yet detailed surveillance and analysis of offshore oil platforms, oil leakage, gas emission monitoring and most essentially security are the vital and advantageous services that are entailed by the utilisation of drone technology.


Refinery
Being a prominent aspect of the oil and gas companies and the said industry, oil refineries have to be under continual and constant monitoring. Inspection of oil refineries require the use of highly thermo- sensitive devices that can freely navigate without many limitations. This, quintessentially, gives way to the use of drones by the virtue of their thermo -sensors and aerial flight capabilities. Reduced risks, reduced costs and heightened efficiency prove to be favourable to the oil and gas industry, as a whole.